(soft music)
What if, like a child, you could simply
call on invisible friends, many call them angels,
and have them help you with anything you wish
throughout your day?
Sounds silly to some, but not to me.
Jean Slatter, a naturopathic physician by profession,
learned of the magic in this process
and has written a wonderful little book titled
Hiring the Heavens.
Jean, I have to tell you, I love your book.
This is one of the most wonderful little books,
and for me, because of my own background
over the last 20 or 30 years,
I've been working with these principles a long time,
but I believe that you have put it in a way
that is not only just accessible to everyone,
but joyful, and even more so,
allows for a higher degree of effectiveness.
And I say that, because hear of law of attraction,
the Secret, all these things have been out there,
but I think that what you've done
is actually much more effective than these,
and you may have heard that from other people.
Why might this be the case?
Oh, well, thank you, Regina.
You know, I didn't even know
about the law of attraction when I started writing
Hiring the Heavens.
It was my developmental editor
that told me about Abraham-Hicks,
and I started learning more about the law of attraction,
and as the years have gone by,
I began to see how different Hiring the Heavens is
from the law of attraction.
And I really want to bring that out to people,
because I believe it's time
that we know more about another law,
which I call the law of grace.
And it's like two different classrooms.
You can have a classroom
where you learn mathematics
and you can have a classroom where you learn English.
One doesn't negate the other,
but they are definitely two different subjects.
There's the subject of the law of attraction
and then there's the subject of the law of grace,
and what Hiring the Heavens does
is very gently move you into the law of grace,
and here's the difference, okay?
Mmm hmm.
With the law of attraction,
it requires so much hypervigilance.
You have to do it right.
You have to be,
have enough emotion in your asking,
you have to--
Clarity.
Clarity!
You have to, I don't use the word "want,"
because that gives you more of wanting,
and stated in the present tense,
and make sure you have enough
attitude of gratitude, and the list goes on and on,
and it makes you become very hypervigiliant.
With this idea of Hiring the Heavens
and the law of grace, you'll soon see
that none of that is required.
As a matter of fact, there's nothing you can do,
and that's the operative word here.
There's nothing you can do to earn this gift.
This gift is given to you by grace
and it doesn't require any amount of time in prayer,
any amount of time in meditation.
It doesn't require that you ask it just right.
It doesn't require that you have an attitude of gratitude.
None of those things are requirements at all.
In fact, there's nothing you can do to earn it
and there's nothing that you can do
to have it taken away from you.
It's a gift of grace.
And this is really important because
I know that there are many clients I've worked with,
and I'm sure that you've worked with, as well,
who have some very dire circumstances
and sad circumstances
where there may have been abuse
or something that would, you know,
bring tears to your eyes,
because their circumstances are that sad.
And the confidence isn't there anymore.
You're right, and then the idea,
as in law of attraction, that hey,
you created it all,
is just salt in the wound.
And it's a bitter pill that, at that time,
that person just cannot handle.
Because it's more disempowering
to the situation.
It really is.
Yeah.
What Hiring the Heavens does, in a very light way,
say that grace is open to you,
no matter who you are,
no matter what you've done,
no matter where you've been,
no matter what your circumstances are,
grace is open to you.
And furthermore, there isn't anything
you're gonna have to do to make this work.
This is a gift to you.
Period.
And when you're talking about Hiring the Heavens,
and that's beautifully put, by the way,
and from having read your book,
I feel quite an accurate thing to say,
when you're looking at this,
you're talking about essentially
getting the guiding forces that are surrounding
all of us all the time and employing them,
bringing them into your life,
and specifically being very specific and fun
about it, in the sense that if you need
something done, something specific done,
call in a being, call in an angel, as you call it,
that has that particular skill set,
and essentially allow yourself to be downloaded
with this knowledge or whatnot or ability
or even have it come into your life in another way
from the outside.
And maybe talk about the premise of it.
Yeah, it's so simple.
I just ask my readers to imagine
that the spiritual world is every bit as complex
as our own physical plane,
and that on the physical level we have
personality traits, skills, abilities,
everything that you can imagine,
every kind of talent available on the physical plane.
Well, imagine that all of that exists first
on the spiritual plane.
And so whatever it is that you're doing,
I invite my readers to first
hire from the heavenly resource pool,
so they can pull in a spiritual contractor,
or pull in a spiritual speech therapist,
or pull in a spiritual attitude adjuster,
or a money manager.
Whatever it is that you could imagine hiring
first on the physical plane,
hire from the heavenly resource pool.
And amazing things begin to happen
when you call up on this power of the universe
that really is accessible to each and every one of us.
Some amazing things begin to happen.
One, you can have that inspiration
come right through you.
So you can have, if you need some information,
you can ask to be inspired with the information you need,
and it'll come right through you.
And I've had that happen so many times
when I need to work with a client
in my business as a naturopath
and I need to know what to do,
the information just comes through,
sometimes things that I've never even heard of before.
Another thing that can happen is that
the heavens will bring to you
someone that will help you
with whatever it is that you're requiring.
That happened to me when I was writing my book,
Hiring the Heavens.
The first time I got the message to write the book
I thought, "I don't know what to do here.
"I'm a first-time author.
"How do I even begin?
"You're gonna have to help me out."
So I hired a spiritual book writing committee
and I said, "Bring me somebody that's gonna
"help me develop these ideas."
No kidding, I come home
and there's a message on my recorder
from a complete stranger, said,
"Hello, my name is so-and-so,
"and I'm a developmental editor.
"Just wondering if you had any projects
"you were working on."
(Regina laughs)
So I knew she was heaven sent.
And the same thing happened
when it got to the point where I needed to
take my manuscript and do the final editing.
And this is the point where I said,
"Okay, I need somebody that's gonna be able
to cross all the Ts and dot all the Is.
Bring me somebody that will help me do that."
And the very next day
I had a brand new client at my office
that had very tiny handwriting,
which means to me that they--
Meticulous.
Yeah, meticulous.
So I said, "What is that you do?"
And she says, "Oh, I'm a copy editor."
And I says, "What's a copy editor?"
And she says, "Oh, we make sure
"that all the Ts are crossed and all the Is are dotted."
So I said, "Oh, well you're supposed to work for me."
So that's what happens.
The heavens bring someone to your doorstep,
and truly they are heaven sent.
You know, there's no question about that.
And the third thing that can happen
when you hire from this heavenly resource pool,
is you'll watch a flat out miracle happen.
And my gosh, I have got so many stories
of absolute miracles occurring
when people call upon the heavens.
I know there's a story in my book that,
it's my favorite story, I tell it over and over,
and that is of my friend,
who hired a spiritual jewelry sleuth, and--
Jewelry sleuth?
She'd lost jewelry.
Yeah, what happened was she had been out
pruning in her yard, and this yard was huge,
so when she came in, she was taking a drink of water.
Her daughter noticed that an irregular-shaped pearl
in her ring that her husband had given her
many years ago, was missing,
and her heart immediately sank.
She knew there was no way
she was going to find this tiny little pearl
out in a huge yard where she had been pruning that day.
So she knew it was gone.
And then something inspired her
to think about hiring the heavens.
So she imagined hiring
a spiritual jewelry sleuth to,
and I love what she said, she said,
"Find my pearl and bring it to me."
Which is, that's a very bold--
It is!
I mean, yeah, to me that's miraculous.
So, an hour later, she is sitting on the bed,
talking to her kids,
and the dog jumps up on the bed.
And her son says,
"Mom, Callie is playing with something in her mouth."
And she said, "Drop it, Callie."
And the dog dropped the pearl
right in front of her hand.
I love that story.
Actually, I'm glad you brought it up,
because I had written that down.
I wanted you to share that.
It's just, because that's one of those things,
you can't make this stuff up.
No you can't!
Yeah.
And there are a lot more like it.
And, I mean, you call this
resource your universal Yellow Pages,
and you speak about the fact
that we have all these angels that are unemployed
and just waiting to serve us.
And actually, if you read the work
of other individuals that I've interviewed,
this is not at all out of the realm of thinking.
And in fact even with my own guidance,
they've said repeatedly, "Why don't you use us more?
"There are so many beings on this side
"that are here, basically in agreement
"to work with humanity and no one calls on them."
So when you say unemployed angels,
that really struck me as truth.
Oh, my gosh.
You know, I have a friend that called me up
to tell me what happened for her.
She's clairvoyant, and I'm not,
so I haven't actually seen these angels at work.
I certainly have evidence of it.
But this lady is clairvoyant
and she has worked with the angels
ever since she was very young.
And after reading my book,
it brought on a whole new dimension
that she had never thought about.
Most of us, including her,
had only called upon the angels
when it was a big ticket item.
Yeah, that's right.
When it was something, you're in crisis,
or there's something really important,
or we actually come up with things
that we can justify--
Right, as thinking we're somehow
using up our chits or wasting energies or something.
Yeah, right, right.
So what Hiring the Heavens does, though,
is encourage people to call upon the heavens
for everything in their life,
no matter how big, or no matter how small.
So after reading my book, that night,
that's exactly what she did.
She wrote down committee page
after committee page, hiring from the heavens
for everything in her life.
She had a committee for her
relationship with her husband.
She had a committee for her children.
She had a committee for her work.
She had a committee for her life's joy and passion.
She left no stone unturned,
hiring away from the heavens
everyone and every position she could possibly think of.
Well that night, she fell asleep exhausted.
The next morning when she woke up,
because she was clairvoyant,
she said she opened her eyes, looked around,
and couldn't believe what she was seeing.
So many beings!
She said they were everywhere!
Everywhere!
That there was so much commotion going on
and there were even some coming up to her,
saying, "We heard you were hiring.
"Have you got a job for us?"
And they were showing her, like, a resume.
Showing her what they were good at.
Oh, that is just heartwarming.
That is beautiful.
And in fact, along that line
I have a close girlfriend who does this,
and she has been doing this her entire life.
She just puts her helpers into action
every single day and just manifests
the most amazing life and opportunities.
She wants a new client in a certain country,
she'll have a call within 48 hours
for a new client in that country,
so she can fly there on the business.
I mean, the point is it works.
But let's talk about more of these kinds of anecdotes.
I love those.
It's heartwarming to hear other people's experiences
and another one that I fell in love with in your book
was a little fellow named Logan
who had book report to do
and he really, really wanted to do it on Joe Montana.
Tell us that story.
You know, he was so upset
because all the books at the school library
bad been checked out.
And they must have been talking about Joe Montana
'cause all the boys wanted to do a story
on Joe Montana and they got in there
and grabbed all the books
and there wasn't anything left for him.
So when he came home from school that day,
told his mom, you know,
"I've gotta get a book on Joe Montana."
She says, "Don't worry,
"we'll take you to the city library,"
which she did do.
Now, she was outside playing with the younger daughter
for about an hour while her son
was inside looking for a book on Joe Montana.
He came back after an hour so frustrated
that he was almost crying.
He said, "Mom, all the books on Joe Montana
"have been checked out.
"What am I gonna do?"
She says, "You know what?
"I've got an idea.
"Why don't you go back in and try one more time."
And he says, "I've already looked!"
And she says, "No, no.
"Go back in and look one more time."
So as he turned to walk back in,
she hired a spiritual homework assistant
to go with him and help him find a book on Joe Montana.
Well, three minutes later,
she walked in behind him
and here he is standing in the checkout line
with a book that was 18 by 12
with the word "Montana" across the top
and a picture of Joe.
You know, it was, like, perfect.
She says, "Oh my gosh, this is the perfect book.
"How did you find this?"
And he said, "Well."
He actually took her over to the side.
"Mom, it was kind of spooky.
"I went to the sports section where I looked before,
"and I thought to myself,
"what if a book fell behind the shelves?
"So I stuck my head in between the bookshelves
"and there's this book on in, and I pulled it up,
"and here it is."
Joe Montana.
(Regina chuckles)
Okay, now that story, as you read, is in my book,
but let me tell you the ending to that story,
which I didn't put in the book
because I thought, you know,
okay, the stories that I write about are miraculous.
They really are miracles.
But sometimes when we're placed where the miracle
is in front of us, we sometimes discount it
if it just goes over the top.
Well, this one does.
Here's the real ending.
That book wasn't in
the library's computer system.
Really?
That book was simply manifested for that little boy.
Wow.
Is that a miracle or what?
Yeah, that falls in that category, definitely.
Yeah but these kinds of things happen.
When you hire from the heavens,
miracles do happen,
and it's we who tend to put limits
on what can possibly happen.
That is true.
We're the ones that say,
"Well, you know, I can accept this but not that.
"That would just be too much for my mind to handle."
But really, from the spiritual world, it's easy.
It's true, and even if you cross this over
with some of the more avant garde work
in the area of quantum physics,
they will say the exact same thing.
If your mind can conceive of it,
you can create that, you can manifest that.
And so, what's beautiful about the way you do it
is it makes it easy for people,
it gives people permission to conceive
of what it is they truly desire
and ask for the help they need.
That's right.
And in this book, now how do people feel?
I mean, you must have people
from different religious backgrounds
and spiritual beliefs that are reading it.
Do you ever get any comment?
Does it go against anyone's belief system?
Or is it fairy well accepted across the board
because of the way it's written?
You know, I haven't had much of a problem
with that at all because most people believe in angels
and the fact that angels could be here
to assist us kinda gives us an easy way
to not bother the big guy, you know?
It's like, I say you're not gonna bother the big guy
for finding the perfect hair color,
but you can hire a spiritual hair dresser
to help you find the perfect hair color
and then that seems okay to do.
And so it kind of takes away some of the edge
of when we think about praying to God,
most of us come with a bit of trepidation.
Like you say,
save it for the big ones, right?
Exactly, exactly.
But we can tone it down a little bit
and open it up by just hiring away
from the entire spiritual resource pool
for all sorts of things, you know?
And it doesn't even matter if you can think
of a name to call this person.
You can make it up.
Some of the most imaginative things
that I've heard from people just put a smile on my face.
One time I was giving a presentation
at a group back east
and there was a gentleman there in the audience
that said, "You're speaking again tomorrow morning, yes?"
And I said, "Yeah."
And he says, "I just love what you've had to say
"so I want to come tomorrow morning, too."
Well, the next morning, as I'm giving my presentation,
I noticed about 45 minutes into my presentation,
in walks this gentleman from the back of the room.
Well, after my presentation, he came up to me
and he said, "You know, I gotta tell you what happened."
He said, "I actually have been camping out
"during this conference and my tent is cold.
"I'm sleeping on this hard mat
"and it's just been miserable.
"I haven't been getting a good night's sleep.
"So after hearing your talk, what I did
"is I hired a spiritual tent warmer
"to keep my tent nice and warm last night
"and I hired a spiritual mattress maker.
"And I said, 'Make my pad feel like
"'my 2,000 dollar bed at home.'
"Well, I'm late because I overslept!
"I had such a good night's sleep, you know,
"I was so comfortable!"
So that's an example
where you can just have fun with this.
You don't have to say it in a particular way.
You don't have to say just the right words.
You can just make it up.
Yes, and the thing is desire is key here.
A lot of people, especially depending
on certain of the religious and spiritual belief systems,
there's a belief that we're to rid ourselves of desire.
But in reality, it is that, whatever you want to call
the field that is created through desire,
that draws forth the result.
You have to have, it's dead if there's not desire.
You can do law of attraction all day long
and look at your pictures on your board
that you've created, but if you don't have
that warmth and that joy and that desire
behind that image that you're looking at,
it still doesn't happen.
That's right, and that was one of the most profound
messages as I was writing Hiring the Heavens.
And by the way, it's a very well-written book
because it was written by--
It is, it's very succinct, it's short
and it's to the point and well done.
Short, sweet, and it was written
by my heavenly committee, you know?
So I was learning, as I was putting these words on paper,
I was learning so much.
And one of the things that I have in italics
in my book in the very beginning
is that by divine design, we are creators.
Yes.
And I didn't know that prior to writing this book
and as a matter of fact, that whole idea
really has been brought home to me
as the years have gone by.
We are creators, by divine design.
That's who we are, that's what we're here to do.
Well how can you create if you don't have a desire?
How can you create if you don't have a want?
How can you create if you don't believe you can?
Yeah, that's the seed.
That's what you absolutely have to have
to get energy to move.
Absolutely.
In fact, you write in one chapter,
talking about the potential of
conflicting belief systems,
and you're saying some might find it blasphemous
to say that you have the right,
you have the right and obligation to yourself to do this.
And you wrote something, this line here,
I wrote it down because I thought it was so perfect.
You said that the blasphemy lies only in our rejection
of this innate power within ourselves.
Right.
Now that's a powerful statement.
Very true, beautifully put.
We talk about that we have this,
the God within.
We talk about that, and most religions do.
And yet, then in the next statement,
we want to somehow separate ourselves from it
and say that we have to call upon it
from outside of us.
Right.
And that somehow we have to even able
to justify our use of it.
And that's the blasphemy, you know?
This is a gift that, going back to the grace,
this is a gift to you, by grace.
It's like the air that you breathe.
And it is yours because you exist.
It is yours because you're alive.
This gift via creator, and this energy,
this power within you, is yours simply because you exist.
And there really isn't anything you have to do
to earn it or justify it.
You know, if I'm in a bad attitude
and I'm whiny and complainy,
do I still get to breathe?
I still do, and--
As you say, it's the grace
of the human experience.
It's not all just sledging through life
trying to figure out and do our lessons properly.
This is the countervailing force that makes life a joy
and allows us to create the circumstance we wish.
And that is what I know that the
heavens rejoices in.
People talk about when your hiring the heavens,
it assumes there's a payment of some sort,
and there is, in our joy.
And the more the joy that we have,
the more lightness in our voice,
the more skip in our step,
more fun we have creating.
That's our payment.
That's what we give in return.
And, you know, we can all afford that.
Absolutely.
We can't afford not to have that, really.
Not if we want to have the kind of life
that we all dream of.
Yeah.
We have to create that.
And one of the things,
you go on to talk about some of the specifics
when you're using these simple principles
and one of them is using your physical voice.
Let's talk about that for a minute,
versus just thinking.
Now, obviously if you're in a crowded place
you'll use your inside voice.
But let's talk about what happens
when you put this in the form of the physical voice.
I always to talk to my spiritual staff aloud,
and usually I do this in the car.
You don't have to have a special setting
or, you know, do a certain amount of meditation
ahead of time.
Talk to your spiritual hires just as if
you were talking to your best friends,
because they really are.
And so throughout the day,
I'll be carrying on my conversation
as I'm doing dishes, as I'm, you know, doing my hair,
or when I'm driving in the car,
I'm talking to my spiritual hires
just as if they were sitting right next to me.
And by talking out loud, I think that it helps me
be more clear about what it is that I'm asking.
Not that you have to have all your Ps and Qs
all lined up and all of that.
You can be working it out as you're talking,
but the point is--
They can also sense your intent.
They know the intention behind it.
They know your intention, so as you say,
if you're in a crowded room,
you don't have to speak out loud,
but by speaking out loud, it helps you to be more clear
and helps you kind of figure it out.
Like, I'll be talking along and say,
"Well, wait a minute, wait a minute.
"That's not right.
"Let's try this."
And, you know, just say it in a different way.
Or sometimes, you know, it's just really fun
to express yourself
with a lot of emotions.
Sometimes I sing to them.
I laugh, I make jokes and laugh at myself, you know?
And I feel like they really enjoy--
Yes.
Partaking in my levity.
And, you know, just make it
something that is fun to do.
Now you also talk about want versus desire.
Wanna articulate that one?
Well, when I started getting into
some of the New Age material out there,
which, by the way, came after writing this book--
Right, this was written in 2002.
Just to put that out there.
Right, yeah, yeah.
You know, some of the things I started reading then,
I started having anxiety about how I said things
when I would be hiring from the heavens.
Like, if I used the word "want,"
I was told don't use that word "want,"
because that puts you in a perpetual state of wanting.
Oh right, this is what
we were talking about earlier, right.
Yeah, yeah, and all of a sudden, you know,
it just started creating anxiety with me
that I had to say things just right.
Well, so I went through a period of time
of kind of working that out, and then I realized,
oh, just let all of that go,
and just talk to them
like you're talking to your best friend.
Even if you wanna talk and complain about something.
Even that's okay.
You know, some of my most miraculous things
have happened when I've been
in a tough pickle
and I feel like I'm almost pleading
and begging, "Oh, please do something here!"
You know, "Get me out of this mess!"
And extraordinary things will happen.
And, you know, that's not stating things
in the present tense, as if I already have it.
(laughing)
It's a very desperate plea.
Yeah, it is a desperate plea.
And it's very human.
Yes.
Very human.
Yeah.
And you know what?
They don't expect anything else from us.
Right.
They just want us to be real with them
and that's about as real as you can get.
And then we go to another area,
which I think is very important,
and that's gratitude.
Let's talk about the role of gratitude in this mix.
In this mix,
and I think I'm so glad you brought that up,
because in,
I'm gonna talk about these two different schools now,
or two different classrooms.
In the law of attraction,
you need to have an attitude of gratitude
to actually bring things to fruition.
But in this idea of hiring the heavens,
an attitude of gratitude is actually,
it's a byproduct of living this way.
It's not a prerequisite.
So it isn't something that you have to do ahead of time
and make sure, okay, I'm checking in.
Am I in enough gratitude here?
It's not about that.
What happens is, as a result of living this way
and a result of living in grace,
the byproduct is gratitude.
You can't help it!
You can't help but have this huge, joyous
smile on your face.
You can't help but be grateful
for everything that shows up in your life.
It's quite magical, really.
I was listening to a program by Deepak Chopra
called Synchrodestiny,
and in this program, he says there are
two symptoms of enlightenment
according to ancient Vedic tradition,
and when I first was hearing him, I thought,
"Okay, I know what those two symptoms must be.
"Must be that you have so much love in your heart
"that you cease all judgment.
"Surely those are symptoms of enlightenment."
But I was wrong.
The two symptoms of enlightenment are number one,
synchronicities are happening to you as a daily occurrence.
You ask for something, and there it is.
And the other symptom is, is because of that
you just don't have any worries anymore.
You just know everything's being taken care of.
That is perfect.
Coincidentally I was working,
I was giving another presentation,
there was a gentleman that came up to me
and he says, "I gotta tell you, Jean,
"I heard you speak about a year ago
"and what you said changed my life."
And I said, "Wow, what an amazing thing to say!
"In what way did it change your life?"
So he looked down and he got very quiet for a minute
and he said, "You know, I'm not going to be able
"to tell you some fantastic miracle story,
"but what I can tell you is that as a result
"of Hiring the Heavens,
"synchronicities are always happening to me.
"It seems like whatever I need, I ask for
"and there it is.
"And I just don't worry about anything anymore
"because I just know everything's being taken care of."
Perfect.
That is where the gratitude come from.
When you're living from that place of grace,
how can you help--
Help it.
Exactly, how could you not be grateful?
Exactly.
And having, just a personal note,
having experienced a good amount
of synchronicity within my life,
but also in terms of calling on my guides,
I call them guides, but I like the idea
of just having your angel express card,
I think that's cool.
If I need something, I hate shopping,
and if I need something,
I just wanna know where it is.
I wanna go and get it and have it done with
and not have to look around
and comparison shop and all those really tedious things.
And it's amazing.
What happens is I have to take care of this thing,
a picture of the storefront shows in my head,
I'll think, "Oh, maybe they don't even,
"I didn't even know they carried such items,"
and I'll go in and oftentimes it'll even be
the last one left, and on sale.
Oh, yes!
It's almost in, not 100%,
but almost infallible.
The only reason it would be fallible
is if I allowed my mind to interfere and say,
"No, they don't have, stock such things."
But as long as I just go with the pictures,
it's always right there.
And that's just one fun little way
in which I work with mine.
Oh, absolutely.
You never wanna go shopping without
your shopping angels.
A few years ago,
when my daughter was still in grade school,
it was Halloween
and I waited until the night before
to think about getting her a Halloween costume.
And then the parade is the next day,
so of course there's a lot pressure.
You gotta get out their Halloween costumes.
So as we're driving down the road,
I said to her, I said, "Okay, honey.
"Let's hire a spiritual Halloween costume designer
"to help us go to the exact place we need to do
"and find the costume that you want."
And she wanted to be a diva singer.
Well, in the past what we had done
is we had gone to used clothing stores
and we'd kinda try to mix and match something
and I'd go home and I'd sew it up, okay?
Well, we arrive at this used clothing store
where I'd purchased before,
just as they're locking the doors.
My daughter is like,
"Mom, what am I gonna do?
"The parade is tomorrow!"
And I said, "Well, don't worry, honey.
"We have our spiritual Halloween costume designer
"with us, so where do we need to go?"
And I kinda looked around
and I see the store Ross, okay?
Now, to my knowledge,
Ross doesn't carry Halloween costumes.
So we walk over there anyway,
we go back to the little girls section,
and there, in a zippered wardrobe pouch,
is a little girl's diva outfit--
Wow.
Just in her size, and get this,
for five dollars and 49 cents!
Oh my gosh!
So, you know, we bought it, of course,
and she looked so cute in it,
but here's another miracle story.
So, they had two there,
one with purple pants and one with black pants.
Well, she looked so cute in the black pants
that I said to her, I said, "You know, honey,
"if we take off the red sash
"and put a different top with these,
"these pants are so cute, you could wear 'em to school.
"And for five dollars and 49 cents,
"I think I'm gonna go back and get the purple pair."
Well I went back, and it was very next day.
Nowhere to be found.
So I just closed my eyes and I said,
"Okay, Halloween costume designer.
"You know that outfit that you got for me?
"Well, remember the purple pair?
"I'd love to have those."
So I opened my eyes, went back to the rack.
There it was, right in front.
(Regina sighs)
I love it.
I love all of this.
And it's, again, you have to have
that belief within you
that you have the right to create your own experience.
Yes.
And that it is your not only right,
it's your responsibility to call out
for the help you need in this creation process
because in every one of our lives this is a co-creation.
Right, it is.
And somehow we've gotten the wrong message
that we've gotta make it on our own.
Yes.
That somehow we've been marooned here
and you sink or swim
and you make it on your own
and furthermore, not only are you marooned here,
but you've got to earn your way back.
Yes.
Yeah.
No.
No, I'm on the same page with you.
I don't buy that.
Suffering is not something that is, to me,
a requirement.
And we all go through our moments of pain,
you know?
Life offers challenges.
We all go through that.
But you can slide through it gracefully.
It doesn't have to be about suffering.
The journey does not have to be.
I just do not relate to that message at all.
And I think maybe that's why I so relate
to what you're saying in these page.
You've really done a beautiful job.
Is there anything else?
There's so much more in this little,
it's a little book, but there's still so much more
to work with, and certainly I'm highly encouraging
people to pick up a copy.
I'm giving it to my girlfriends for Christmas,
as a matter of fact, because I think it's that important.
Anything else you'd like to say
before we wrap our interview up?
Well it really is the most important thing
for people to really get that this is a gift to them
and there isn't anything that they have to do
to earn it.
And what will hold them back the most
from utilizing this
is the worthiness issue.
Yes.
And feeling that somehow they have to earn it,
somehow they have to justify it,
somehow they have to be good enough,
somehow they have to be lovable enough.
You know, I'll tell a story again about my daughter
that really exemplifies this
because these thoughts come,
it's almost as if they're innate within us.
They come from a place very deep within
that we feel, in essence,
that we have been marooned here,
and that we've been, in some ways, forgotten.
My daughter, now this is just
when she was bit older,
we did an addition on our home, and in her room,
she has her own sink,
and we did her bedroom in a motif, like an aquarium,
so she has big seahorses painted on the walls
and seashells and all that sort of thing.
So we wanted to get something
that would match that
motif for her sink accessories,
and so we went to Mervyn's,
Mervyn's was still around at the time,
and she found this nice little thing
that had seashells on it.
It was cute but it was rather an older version,
so I said to her, "You know what?
"We forgot to hire from the heavens.
"This is nice but it doesn't fit you,
"so let's go out to the car
"and hire a spiritual bathroom accessory specialist."
So we did that and I said to her, I said,
"Okay, tell your bathroom accessory specialist
"what you want."
She says, "Okay, I want something
"that's bright turquoise with popping-out fish,
"and something that's really colorful and fun!"
And I said, "Great, now where do we need to go?"
She said, "Bed Bath & Beyond!"
So we drive over to Bed Bath & Beyond,
she comes around the corner,
and I hear this big scream,
"Oh my God!"
and so I run fast to see what she's looking at
and I just couldn't help myself.
There it was, exactly what she had asked for,
and it was on clearance.
I love it.
My angels always know I like a bargain.
And I just scream, "Oh my God!" you know.
"This is fantastic, this is just what you asked for!"
So we get it out to the car,
and I'm telling you, you know,
that's the joy that the angels are looking for,
the smile on my daughter's face.
She was just, like, giggling she was so happy.
So we get out to the car and I said,
"You know, honey, this obviously
"worked so well for you.
"I've gotta ask you a question here.
"In the past when I've asked you
"to hire from the heavens, you've always said to me,
"'You do it for me, Mom.'"
And I said, "Well, this worked so well for you," you know.
"Why haven't you done it in the past?"
And she said to me the most profound thing,
'cause it's nothing I ever taught her.
She said to me, "Well, Mom, I was afraid
"that if I asked for something
"and I didn't get what I wanted,
"it would mean they didn't like me."
Hmm.
And I thought to myself, wow.
We all have that fear inside.
We all have that fear that somehow if we ask for something,
and we don't get it,
it's just proof that--
That we're not enough.
We're not enough.
We're not lovable enough,
we're not good enough,
we didn't do it right.
You know, all of that.
So the most important thing
that I would like people to take away from this interview
is to know that this is a gift to them.
There isn't anything that they have to do to earn it.
They are enough.
They are lovable enough.
They are--
Like Stuart Smalley.
Pardon me?
Like Stuart Smalley looking in the mirror.
"I am good enough.
"I am lovable."
Exactly.
Yes, very true.
And I think one other element in this
that you did write about just as a kind of a final thought
is it doesn't matter how small
and it doesn't matter how large,
and on some of the large issues
you put it out there the way you want a resolution,
how you want something to flow within your life,
and then stand back and let yourself be surprised.
It may not look like an exact picture
of something you thought,
but it may be way better.
It may be, and so--
And that's what I find oftentimes.
I couldn't have conceived of such a wonderful
outcome to something.
It's just having faith to put your feelings out there,
your desire out there.
And like you say, a joyful, playful way.
Yeah.
Don't make it dire.
Even though there are those desperate pleas.
(Regina laughs)
Yes, there is,
but stay in an attitude of playfulness.
Stay with trust.
Know that it is always being worked out for you
and every single request is heard.
Never doubt that.
There is never any that goes unheard.
Everything is heard.
And you know I got confirmation
from a good friend of mine,
Sheila and Marcus Gillette.
Sheila channels--
We've interviewed Sheila and Chloe
and we've also interviewed Theo.
Yes.
And that, oh, I know what you're going to say,
this is very cool.
Yeah, and Theo talks about that.
This is from the other side.
Yes!
And it's just so wonderful
to get that kind of confirmation--
Well he talks about your book.
The Theo Group tells people to get your book,
as a matter of fact,
because it exemplifies these principles in action.
It does.
And they confirmed that yes, some are good at,
some on the angelic realm are good at some things
and some are good at other things,
and so when you call upon a specialist in that area,
that specialist will arrive and will assist you.
And they say that no prayer, no request goes unheard.
And that was so heartwarming and confirming.
Very much so.
Well thank you very much for your time
and for writing this wonderful little book.
And I can't wait to see the reactions of my friends
after they read it for their holiday presents.
Thank you so much, Regina.
It's been a pleasure.
(soft music)
I highly recommend getting a copy
of Hiring the Heavens for yourself
and for your friends who would like
to have life run a little more smoothly.
I've been doing this myself for years
and I can vouch for its effectiveness.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(soft music)